Key,Source,Context,UsedInMainMenu,NoTranslate,english
badZombieUMA,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie
badZombieMaleUMA,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie
badZombieAiden,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Aiden
badZombieBob,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Bob
badZombieCaitlin,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Caitlin
badZombieCallie,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Callie
badZombieChang,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Chang
badZombieCharlotte,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Charlotte
badZombieClint,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Clint
badZombieEmma,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Emma
badZombieGabrielle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Gabrielle
badZombieGrace,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Grace
badZombieHank,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Hank
badZombieHelen,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Helen
badZombieHugh,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Hugh
badZombieJack,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Jack
badZombieJeff,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Jeff
badZombieJimmy,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Jimmy
badZombieJoel,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Joel
badZombieMaria,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Maria
badZombieMercura,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Mercura
badZombieMiguel,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Miguel
badZombieOfficeGirl,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Office Girl
badZombieRayah,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Rayah
badZombieRekt,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Rekt
badZombieVince,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Vince
badZombieWillie,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Willie
badZombieBaby,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Baby
badZombieBabyCrawler,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Baby Crawler
valZombieClarice,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Clarice
valZombieJane,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Jane
valZombieLibrarian,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Librarian
valZombieSurvivorFemale,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Sherlene
valZombieVoodooFemale,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Voodoo Lady
valZombieVoodooMale,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Voodoo Man
valZombieDan,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Dan
valZombieSurvivorMale,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Survivor
valZombieKenny,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Kenny
valZombieRavager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Ravager
valZombieNerd,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Nerd
valZombieInmate,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Inmate
valZombieInmateBlack,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Inmate
valZombieChildFemale,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Little Girl
valZombieChildMale,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Little Boy
valZombieRanger,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Ranger
valZombieScorchedRusher,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Scorched Rusher
gupZombieMartha,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Martha
gupZombieSally,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Sally
gupZombieSunStroked,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Sun Stroked
gupZombieSunStrokedCrawler,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Sun Stroked Crawler
sanZombiePunk,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Punk
sanZombieRioter,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Rioter
sanZombieRocker,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Rocker
sanZombieFemaleRocker,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Rocker
sanZombieHermit,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Hermit
sanZombieFrank,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Frank
sanZombieBikerChick,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Biker Babe
sanZombieInfectedSurvivor,entityclasses,Entity,,,Infected Survivor
sanZombieInfectedLady,entityclasses,Entity,,,Infected Lady
sanZombieNude,entityclasses,Entity,,,Nude Zombie
sanZombiePrisoner,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Prisoner
sanZombieDriver,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Driver
sanZombieFiend,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Feind
sanZombieBanditSharpshooter,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Sharpshooter
sanZombieHunterSven,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Sven
sanZombiePsycho,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Psycho
sanZombieKim,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Kim
sanZombieVagrant,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Vagrant
sanZombieCripple,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Cripple
sanZombieBanditSavage,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Savage
sanZombieBanditSentry,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Sentry
sanZombieMitchHazmat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Mitch
sanZombieMarkHazmat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Mark
sanZombieClaireHazmat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Claire
sanZombieSueHazmat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Sue
sanZombieOldLady,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Old Lady
sanZombieOldMan,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Old Man
sanZombieEvilGranny,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Granny
sanZombieSecurityGuard,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Security Guard
sanZombieFrozen,entityclasses,Entity,,,Frozen Zombie
badZombieJethro,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Jethro
badZombieSeryph,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Seryph
badZombieSeryphSnow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Seryph
valZombieBigBitch,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Bitch
valZombieLumberjack,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Lumberjack
valZombieTrucker,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Trucker
valZombieCharred,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Charred
sanZombieCpl,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Corporal
sanZombieHunter,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Hunter
sanZombieBanditKiller,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Bandit
sanZombieBloodmoon,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Moon
sanZombieCannibalFemale,entityclasses,Entity,,,Cannibal
sanZombieCannibalMale,entityclasses,Entity,,,Cannibal
sanZombieFreak,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Freak
badZombieBolivar,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Bolivar
badZombieCur,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Cur
badZombieSWATMale,entityclasses,Entity,,,SWAT Zombie
badZombieSWATFemale,entityclasses,Entity,,,SWAT Zombie
badZombieTallman,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Tallman
valZombieRaveReaper,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Rave
badZombieStripperMole,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Stripper Mole
valZombieRegen,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Regen
gupZombieBouncer,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Bouncer
gupZombieBouncerCrawler,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Bouncer Crawler
gupZombieSnowQueen,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Snow Queen
sanZombieTrailerPark,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Redneck
sanZombieBanditRaider,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Bandit
sanZombieReaper,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Reaper
sanZombieBanditLooter,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Bandit
sanZombieCrazed,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Crazed
bkSanta,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Santa
sanZombieBodyBuilder,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Body Builder
sanZombieBanditJuggernaut,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Juggernaut
badZombieMord,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Mord
sanZombieExperiment,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Experimental
badZombieBabyBoomer,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Baby Boomer
valZombieRavagerSpider,entityclasses,Entity,,,Spider Ravager
gupZombieClimber,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Climber
sanZombieClown,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Clown
badZombieWarlord,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Warlord
badZombieSuicideMole,entityclasses,Entity,,,Suicide Mole
gupZombieBiff,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Biff
valZombieBrute,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Brute
valZombieBruteBoss,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Brute Boss
badZombieAiden_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Aiden
badZombieBob_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Bob
badZombieCaitlin_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Caitlin
badZombieCallie_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Callie
badZombieChang_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Chang
badZombieCharlotte_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Charlotte
badZombieClint_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Clint
badZombieEmma_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Emma
badZombieGabrielle_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Gabe
badZombieGrace_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Grace
badZombieHank_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Hank
badZombieHelen_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Helen
badZombieHugh_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Hugh
badZombieJack_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Jack
badZombieJeff_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Jeff
badZombieJimmy_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Jimmy
badZombieJoel_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Joel
badZombieMaria_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Maria
badZombieMercura_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Mercura
badZombieMiguel_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Migel
badZombieOfficeGirl_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Office Lady
badZombieRayah_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Rayah
badZombieRekt_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Rekt
badZombieVince_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Vince
badZombieWillie_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Willie
badZombieBaby_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Baby
valZombieClarice_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Clarice
valZombieJane_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Jane
valZombieLibrarian_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Librarian
valZombieSurvivorFemale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Survivor
valZombieVoodooFemale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Voodoo Lady
valZombieVoodooMale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Voodoo Man
valZombieDan_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Dan
valZombieSurvivorMale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Survivor
valZombieKenny_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Kenny
valZombieRavager_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Ravager
valZombieNerd_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Nerd
valZombieInmate_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Inmate
valZombieInmateBlack_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Inmate
valZombieChildFemale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Little Girl
valZombieChildMale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Little Boy
valZombieRanger_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Ranger
valZombieScorchedRusher_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Rusher
gupZombieMartha_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Martha
gupZombieSally_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Sally
gupZombieSunStroked_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Sun Stroked
sanZombiePunk_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Punk
sanZombieRioter_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Rioter
sanZombieRocker_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Rocker
sanZombieFemaleRocker_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Rocker
sanZombieHermit_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Hermit
sanZombieFrank_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Frank
sanZombieBikerChick_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Biker Babe
sanZombieInfectedSurvivor_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Survivor
sanZombieInfectedLady_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Lady
sanZombieNude_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Nude Rager
sanZombiePrisoner_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Prisoner
sanZombieDriver_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Driver
sanZombieFiend_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Fiend
sanZombieBanditSharpshooter_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Sharpshooter
sanZombieHunterSven_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Sven
sanZombiePsycho_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Psycho
sanZombieKim_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Kim
sanZombieVagrant_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Vagrant
sanZombieBanditSavage_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Bandit
sanZombieBanditSentry_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Bandit
sanZombieMitchHazmat_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Mitch
sanZombieMarkHazmat_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Mark
sanZombieClaireHazmat_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Claire
sanZombieSueHazmat_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Sue
sanZombieOldLady_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Old Lady
sanZombieOldMan_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Old Man
sanZombieEvilGranny_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Granny
sanZombieSecurityGuard_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Security Guard
sanZombieFrozen_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Frozen
badZombieJethro_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Jethro
badZombieSeryph_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Seryph
badZombieSeryphSnow_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Seryph
valZombieBigBitch_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Big Bitch
valZombieLumberjack_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Lumberjack
valZombieTrucker_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Trucker
valZombieCharred_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Charred
sanZombieCpl_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Corporal
sanZombieHunter_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Hunter
sanZombieBanditKiller_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Bandit
sanZombieBloodmoon_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Blood
sanZombieCannibalFemale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Cannibal
sanZombieCannibalMale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Cannibal
sanZombieFreak_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Freak
badZombieBolivar_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Bolivar
badZombieCur_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Cur
badZombieStripperMole_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Stripper Mole
badZombieSWATMale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,SWAT Rager
badZombieSWATFemale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,SWAT Rager
valZombieRaveReaper_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Rave
valZombieRegen_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Regen
gupZombieBouncer_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Bouncer
gupZombieSnowQueen_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Snow Queen
sanZombieTrailerPark_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Redneck
sanZombieBanditRaider_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Bandit
sanZombieReaper_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Reaper
sanZombieBanditLooter_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Bandit
bkSanta_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Santa
sanZombieBodyBuilder_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Body Builder
sanZombieBanditJuggernaut_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Juggernaut
sanZombieClown_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Clown
badZombieBabyBoomer_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Baby Boomer
valZombieRavagerSpider_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Spider Rager Ravager
gupZombieClimber_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Climber
badZombieWarlord_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Warlord
badZombieSuicideMole_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Suicide Mole
gupZombieBiff_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Biff
valZombieBrute_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Brute
valZombieBruteBoss_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Brute Boss
badZombieBoe_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Boe
badZombieJoe_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Joe
badZombieYo_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Yo
badZombieSteve_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Steve
badZombieArlene_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Arlene
badZombieDarlene_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Darlene
badZombieMarlene_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Marlene
badZombieNurse_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Nurse
badZombieMaleHazmat_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Hazmat
badZombieUtilityWorker_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Utility Worker
badZombieSkateboarder_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Skateboarder
badZombieCheerleader_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Cheerleader
badZombieOldTimer_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Old Timer
badZombieMoe_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Moe
badZombieSnow_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Lumberjack
badZombieSpider_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Spider
badZombieBurnt_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Burnt
badZombieFarmer_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Farmer
badZombieStripper_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Stripper
badZombieSoldier_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Soldier
badZombieBiker_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rager Biker
